where does this our budget come from
where did they come from there's a real
question how they want to play we have
to start all the video this way it's
like tradition okay by the way hi how
are you are you guess what I am in the
beautiful la San Jose pump pump pump it
up pump it up I'll bump up I'm gonna
bump it up up up up we are here with a
vegan cookie life bet he gave you young
and company Shawn but can you pop it
whoa whoa I wasn't even ready for this
you don't like whoa whoa they would be
[Music]
20 wait did I say 25 or 20 25 oh you
just beat the record of 2302 deal okay
well done
I challenge a 25 and raise you 26
okay honestly if it's Emma tells you to
do something miscellaneous just move it
in all directions
that's what I did every time it'll work
all right
would be such a beautiful day if we
decided to come out here to Santa Monica
I've been shooting stuff for my homies
at hint I'm making them like a facebook
video we're about to go skate oh yes we
are
he's about to go skate I just realized
the other day I haven't put any footage
of John skating in my videos I didn't do
it at all in New York and he literally
skateboards air a single day and he's
good at it so he's a professional saying
dude we've been hanging out on this
random Street and the nicest cars are
pulling out of these condos right here
it's hilarious to see the different
reaction some people and our Audi use
and BMW or like oh my god what is this
person doing he's a scum of the earth
and other people are like haha yeah
grass like rock god yeah I love to see
when people just smile and like look at
the other person like look how much fun
he's having I want to be him when I grow
up
[Music]
sometimes in the hot summer days just
got to get a Slurpee I asked you guys on
Twitter if you had any questions for me
I'm going to answer a few I got over a
hundred and 20 questions from you guys
let's try to answer as many as possible
in a short amount of time our lectures
paper is your main source of
transportation yes especially in New
York City I ride the booster boards
everywhere and for shorter trips I
occasionally use my accent words dream
car my dream car has always been a land
rover lr4
a white one chromed out it's one of the
cheapest Land Rovers so I think it's
very practical that was a joke really no
Land Rovers are never really understood
spending over fifty thousand dollars for
a car but it's fine it's whatever
that's Twitter friendship you have made
Gary Vaynerchuk she's been pretty savage
to me lately he wants to destroy me have
you ever thought of what's next after
New York right now it's old New York
with occasional visits to LA and around
the world but right now it's New York
New York New York what colors did you go
- I wish the University of Texas at
Arlington and I spent one semester at
Belmont but I dropped out at film on a
national high school straight out years
I had a year and a half left I was
studying electrical engineering in the
computer science and video was taking
off for me it was a big side hustle of
mine and I said please because I didn't
want to go into debt I ran out of
scholarship money and I was like this is
not worth it common sense fan College is
fine for some people but living in
massive debt is not not the way to go do
you approach brands or do they approach
you majority of my brand deals come from
relationship building I was lucky enough
to last year have the opportunity to be
an Adobe Creative residents what that
means is Adobe paid me to just pursue my
passion project during that time I was
super aggressive with the conference's I
to the meetings I was taking so I was
really seeking out relationships I
wasn't really accepting any deals or
pursuing that but because I had a year
of that and honestly years before that
of kind of being in the scene and
building those relationships once the
time came I had options and I had so
many amazing opportunities to work with
brands that I actually use and care
about I really did the last video I made
for visa about the formula Avery you
guys should check that out up here if
you have not yet I was very proud of
that what is the best camera you have
that is affordable I would say an iPhone
it's not really affordable given the
price but the fact that everyone has a
cell phone I would say the best camera
that anyone has is their cellular device
if you barely watch one movie for the
rest of your life what would it be
Princess Peach please space Shrek not
shrek shrek is a great movie though I
would have to say secret life of walter
mitty that movie gets me inspired a H as
tack Sarah what's a single look
monotonous thing about editing cutting
up long talking parts like in this part
future editing Sarah I'm so sorry you
have to come up with Q&A you're probably
miserable right now what is the first
camera you um it was called the digital
blue it was a fancy little blue camera
that I remember I got for Christmas and
a super young and I bought a mint one
off of Amazon I'm definitely going to do
like a my first video camera video
what's your order from sweet green my
go-to is either the harvest bowl or the
kill Caesar thank you guys so much for
asking those questions I usually do that
over on the Twitter so follow me on
Twitter at Sarah dici
[Music]
yeah pretty up to watch them skate
videos your am I'm still pretty
depressed that's like I should get over
this yeah
by now the daily peach is happening
which is a daily podcast if hi has
happening every single day so the
podcast today I'm actually talking to
miss to seem good check it out link
description below what hi who are you my
name is John Hill I am boyfriend and
friends with Sarah deechi I've also a
youtuber and I like to ride skateboards
am here a professional here I do I'd
like to do is be that your English it is
so pronounced eiated so get ready for
more of this amazing language over on
today's podcast and what we'll touch on
is some YouTube stuff over there but I
have a quick question for you that we
can try to summarize quickly a lot of
you last is is it possible in this day
and age for someone to create a YouTube
channel and to be successful if you're
starting from the ground zero
is it possible no it is definitely
possible but it is very very difficult
because it has to be you have to be
unique in the most saturated place
exactly and that is very difficult
because we all find inspiration from
successful channels yeah so to separate
your something that completely is very
very difficult but if you can and bring
quality to people at the same time it's
a hard mixture of things then yeah you
could probably be successful it's
finding a balance with doing what's
topical and popular right now and making
quality that makes you stand out and
then also being able to find your own
room with quantity and quality because
that's something we're going back and
forth very much should I post how long
does the videos be which is a title
they'll be yeah because besides those
two points of creating exceptionally
good content creating unique content you
also have to play the game somewhat and
consistency and timing and tags and
title event yeah just difficult process
just know that the struggles and the
frustrations that you're feeling as a
content creator maybe in the beginning
stages doesn't get better
anything wait three creative I mean
that's depressing
keep at it because it's it is possible
like honestly everything that we've done
like in hindsight it didn't seem right
you know so if you know you're doing
what you should be doing in life oh my
got like heads down do it to the menu in
some map and in three years there will
probably a new platform for you don't
you dare worry
thank you a oversaturated and we are out
of jobs
exactly well we will be working at the
next game that you will be trying to
work for a tree are they watching your
videos or whatever the future holds
yes ah anyways guys check out the
podcast we know description below
new videos here every single Monday
through Friday and remember stay peachy
okay buddy
[Music]